我认为，从每次工作面试中学到新知很重要。面对竞争激烈的就业市场，跳脱框架思考同样至关重要。这里有一些技巧，对于你下一次的求职面试肯定有所帮助。祝你好运！ I think that it is important to learn something new from every job interview. It’s also important to think outside the box in this competitive job market. Here are some tips that can definitely help you on your next job interview. Good luck! I think that it is important to learn something new from every job interview. It’s also important to think outside the box in this competitive job market. Here are some tips that can definitely help you on your next job interview. Good luck! 如果方法适当，每个人都可以变得充满魅力。最重要的事情，是发现自己或个人品牌的真我。Everyone can be fascinating if you know how. The important thing is to be true to yourself or to your brand. Everyone can be fascinating if you know how. The important thing is to be true to yourself or to your brand. 天赋与成为一名杰出领导者之间究竟有多大关联？是有一点关系、有密切相关、还是可能毫无关联呢？这篇知识性的文章认为，天赋对于领导力的影响被高估了，你同意吗？How much does talent matter in becoming a great leader? A little? A lot? How about not at all? This informative article says talent in leadership is overrated. Do you agree? How much does talent matter in becoming a great leader? A little? A lot? How about not at all? This informative article says talent in leadership is overrated. Do you agree? 众所周知，做双职工家庭是极具挑战的。这里有一篇不错的博客，是英特尔Sandra Lopez撰写，她既是上班族妈妈，又是英特尔的一位营销负责人。这篇博客讲的是“技术如何让年轻父母更轻松”。Everyone knows that being a working-parent can be challenging. Here’s a great blog post by our Sandra Lopez, a working mom and a marketing executive at Intel, on how technology has made parenting easier. Everyone knows that being a working-parent can be challenging. Here’s a great blog post by our Sandra Lopez, a working mom and a marketing executive at Intel, on how technology has made parenting easier. 出色的沟通技巧是至关重要的，无论你从事什么工作。它或许不太容易学习，但我坚信其回报是巨大的。Good communication skills are vital no matter what field you work in. It may not be easy to learn, but I believe the rewards are worth it.Good communication skills are vital no matter what field you work in. It may not be easy to learn, but I believe the rewards are worth it.我今天收到了一份非常特别的礼物，是我的 团队为我定制的老式28凤凰自行车。Love it!!!I got a VERY special gift today, it’s from my  team in China – a customized old fashion 28” Phoenix bike. Love it!!!I got a VERY special gift today, it’s from my  team in China – a customized old fashion 28” Phoenix bike. Love it!!!Many of us dream of going to the moon. That dream may become a reality as a US company announced plans to send tourists to the moon by 2020! Of course, you have to be able to afford the ticket. I guess it’s worth dreaming!看看这些令人难以置信的预测——IDC预计，明年移动设备的销量将占到全部IT支出增长的57%；到2016年，移动设备用户数量将超过PC用户。问题在于，PC能被取代吗？Check out these incredible forecasts. IDC expects sales of mobile devices will make up 57% of total IT spending growth next year. By 2016, IDC predicts there will be more mobile device users than PC users. The question is – is PC replaceable?Check out these incredible forecasts. IDC expects sales of mobile devices will make up 57% of total IT spending growth next year. By 2016, IDC predicts there will be more mobile device users than PC users. The question is – is PC replaceable?我认为，从每次工作面试中学到新知很重要。面对竞争激烈的就业市场，跳脱框架思考同样至关重要。这里有一些技巧，对于你下一次的求职面试肯定有所帮助。祝你好运！ I think that it is important to learn something new from every job interview. It’s also important to think outside the box in this competitive job market. Here are some tips that can definitely help you on your next job interview. Good luck! I think that it is important to learn something new from every job interview. It’s also important to think outside the box in this competitive job market. Here are some tips that can definitely help you on your next job interview. Good luck! 如果方法适当，每个人都可以变得充满魅力。最重要的事情，是发现自己或个人品牌的真我。Everyone can be fascinating if you know how. The important thing is to be true to yourself or to your brand. Everyone can be fascinating if you know how. The important thing is to be true to yourself or to your brand. 天赋与成为一名杰出领导者之间究竟有多大关联？是有一点关系、有密切相关、还是可能毫无关联呢？这篇知识性的文章认为，天赋对于领导力的影响被高估了，你同意吗？How much does talent matter in becoming a great leader? A little? A lot? How about not at all? This informative article says talent in leadership is overrated. Do you agree? How much does talent matter in becoming a great leader? A little? A lot? How about not at all? This informative article says talent in leadership is overrated. Do you agree? 众所周知，做双职工家庭是极具挑战的。这里有一篇不错的博客，是英特尔Sandra Lopez撰写，她既是上班族妈妈，又是英特尔的一位营销负责人。这篇博客讲的是“技术如何让年轻父母更轻松”。Everyone knows that being a working-parent can be challenging. Here’s a great blog post by our Sandra Lopez, a working mom and a marketing executive at Intel, on how technology has made parenting easier. Everyone knows that being a working-parent can be challenging. Here’s a great blog post by our Sandra Lopez, a working mom and a marketing executive at Intel, on how technology has made parenting easier. 出色的沟通技巧是至关重要的，无论你从事什么工作。它或许不太容易学习，但我坚信其回报是巨大的。Good communication skills are vital no matter what field you work in. It may not be easy to learn, but I believe the rewards are worth it.Good communication skills are vital no matter what field you work in. It may not be easy to learn, but I believe the rewards are worth it.我今天收到了一份非常特别的礼物，是我的 团队为我定制的老式28凤凰自行车。Love it!!!I got a VERY special gift today, it’s from my  team in China – a customized old fashion 28” Phoenix bike. Love it!!!I got a VERY special gift today, it’s from my  team in China – a customized old fashion 28” Phoenix bike. Love it!!!Many of us dream of going to the moon. That dream may become a reality as a US company announced plans to send tourists to the moon by 2020! Of course, you have to be able to afford the ticket. I guess it’s worth dreaming!看看这些令人难以置信的预测——IDC预计，明年移动设备的销量将占到全部IT支出增长的57%；到2016年，移动设备用户数量将超过PC用户。问题在于，PC能被取代吗？Check out these incredible forecasts. IDC expects sales of mobile devices will make up 57% of total IT spending growth next year. By 2016, IDC predicts there will be more mobile device users than PC users. The question is – is PC replaceable?Check out these incredible forecasts. IDC expects sales of mobile devices will make up 57% of total IT spending growth next year. By 2016, IDC predicts there will be more mobile device users than PC users. The question is – is PC replaceable?我认为，从每次工作面试中学到新知很重要。面对竞争激烈的就业市场，跳脱框架思考同样至关重要。这里有一些技巧，对于你下一次的求职面试肯定有所帮助。祝你好运！ I think that it is important to learn something new from every job interview. It’s also important to think outside the box in this competitive job market. Here are some tips that can definitely help you on your next job interview. Good luck! I think that it is important to learn something new from every job interview. It’s also important to think outside the box in this competitive job market. Here are some tips that can definitely help you on your next job interview. Good luck! 如果方法适当，每个人都可以变得充满魅力。最重要的事情，是发现自己或个人品牌的真我。Everyone can be fascinating if you know how. The important thing is to be true to yourself or to your brand. Everyone can be fascinating if you know how. The important thing is to be true to yourself or to your brand. 天赋与成为一名杰出领导者之间究竟有多大关联？是有一点关系、有密切相关、还是可能毫无关联呢？这篇知识性的文章认为，天赋对于领导力的影响被高估了，你同意吗？How much does talent matter in becoming a great leader? A little? A lot? How about not at all? This informative article says talent in leadership is overrated. Do you agree? How much does talent matter in becoming a great leader? A little? A lot? How about not at all? This informative article says talent in leadership is overrated. Do you agree? 众所周知，做双职工家庭是极具挑战的。这里有一篇不错的博客，是英特尔Sandra Lopez撰写，她既是上班族妈妈，又是英特尔的一位营销负责人。这篇博客讲的是“技术如何让年轻父母更轻松”。Everyone knows that being a working-parent can be challenging. Here’s a great blog post by our Sandra Lopez, a working mom and a marketing executive at Intel, on how technology has made parenting easier. Everyone knows that being a working-parent can be challenging. Here’s a great blog post by our Sandra Lopez, a working mom and a marketing executive at Intel, on how technology has made parenting easier. 出色的沟通技巧是至关重要的，无论你从事什么工作。它或许不太容易学习，但我坚信其回报是巨大的。Good communication skills are vital no matter what field you work in. It may not be easy to learn, but I believe the rewards are worth it.Good communication skills are vital no matter what field you work in. It may not be easy to learn, but I believe the rewards are worth it.我今天收到了一份非常特别的礼物，是我的 团队为我定制的老式28凤凰自行车。Love it!!!I got a VERY special gift today, it’s from my  team in China – a customized old fashion 28” Phoenix bike. Love it!!!I got a VERY special gift today, it’s from my  team in China – a customized old fashion 28” Phoenix bike. Love it!!!Many of us dream of going to the moon. That dream may become a reality as a US company announced plans to send tourists to the moon by 2020! Of course, you have to be able to afford the ticket. I guess it’s worth dreaming!看看这些令人难以置信的预测——IDC预计，明年移动设备的销量将占到全部IT支出增长的57%；到2016年，移动设备用户数量将超过PC用户。问题在于，PC能被取代吗？Check out these incredible forecasts. IDC expects sales of mobile devices will make up 57% of total IT spending growth next year. By 2016, IDC predicts there will be more mobile device users than PC users. The question is – is PC replaceable?Check out these incredible forecasts. IDC expects sales of mobile devices will make up 57% of total IT spending growth next year. By 2016, IDC predicts there will be more mobile device users than PC users. The question is – is PC replaceable?我认为，从每次工作面试中学到新知很重要。面对竞争激烈的就业市场，跳脱框架思考同样至关重要。这里有一些技巧，对于你下一次的求职面试肯定有所帮助。祝你好运！ I think that it is important to learn something new from every job interview. It’s also important to think outside the box in this competitive job market. Here are some tips that can definitely help you on your next job interview. Good luck! I think that it is important to learn something new from every job interview. It’s also important to think outside the box in this competitive job market. Here are some tips that can definitely help you on your next job interview. Good luck! 如果方法适当，每个人都可以变得充满魅力。最重要的事情，是发现自己或个人品牌的真我。Everyone can be fascinating if you know how. The important thing is to be true to yourself or to your brand. Everyone can be fascinating if you know how. The important thing is to be true to yourself or to your brand. 天赋与成为一名杰出领导者之间究竟有多大关联？是有一点关系、有密切相关、还是可能毫无关联呢？这篇知识性的文章认为，天赋对于领导力的影响被高估了，你同意吗？How much does talent matter in becoming a great leader? A little? A lot? How about not at all? This informative article says talent in leadership is overrated. Do you agree? How much does talent matter in becoming a great leader? A little? A lot? How about not at all? This informative article says talent in leadership is overrated. Do you agree? 众所周知，做双职工家庭是极具挑战的。这里有一篇不错的博客，是英特尔Sandra Lopez撰写，她既是上班族妈妈，又是英特尔的一位营销负责人。这篇博客讲的是“技术如何让年轻父母更轻松”。Everyone knows that being a working-parent can be challenging. Here’s a great blog post by our Sandra Lopez, a working mom and a marketing executive at Intel, on how technology has made parenting easier. Everyone knows that being a working-parent can be challenging. Here’s a great blog post by our Sandra Lopez, a working mom and a marketing executive at Intel, on how technology has made parenting easier. 出色的沟通技巧是至关重要的，无论你从事什么工作。它或许不太容易学习，但我坚信其回报是巨大的。Good communication skills are vital no matter what field you work in. It may not be easy to learn, but I believe the rewards are worth it.Good communication skills are vital no matter what field you work in. It may not be easy to learn, but I believe the rewards are worth it.我今天收到了一份非常特别的礼物，是我的 团队为我定制的老式28凤凰自行车。Love it!!!I got a VERY special gift today, it’s from my  team in China – a customized old fashion 28” Phoenix bike. Love it!!!I got a VERY special gift today, it’s from my  team in China – a customized old fashion 28” Phoenix bike. Love it!!!Many of us dream of going to the moon. That dream may become a reality as a US company announced plans to send tourists to the moon by 2020! Of course, you have to be able to afford the ticket. I guess it’s worth dreaming!看看这些令人难以置信的预测——IDC预计，明年移动设备的销量将占到全部IT支出增长的57%；到2016年，移动设备用户数量将超过PC用户。问题在于，PC能被取代吗？Check out these incredible forecasts. IDC expects sales of mobile devices will make up 57% of total IT spending growth next year. By 2016, IDC predicts there will be more mobile device users than PC users. The question is – is PC replaceable?Check out these incredible forecasts. IDC expects sales of mobile devices will make up 57% of total IT spending growth next year. By 2016, IDC predicts there will be more mobile device users than PC users. The question is – is PC replaceable?成功的人往往具备灵活性、有弹性，不会扮成一位受害者。在瞬息万变的今天，只有那些能够适应变化、接受挫折并不断承担风险和责任的人，才能到达成功的终点。这里有一些好建议： Successful people are flexible, resilient and don't play the victim. Things change fast these days, and those who can adapt, accept setbacks and continuously take risks and responsibility end up doing well. Sound advice here: Successful people are flexible, resilient and don't play the victim. Things change fast these days, and those who can adapt, accept setbacks and continuously take risks and responsibility end up doing well. Sound advice here: 这里有一张为希望提高自身谈判技能的企业家（或任何人）创建的信息图。这来源于在美国的一项研究。这些原则大都在中国适用，但是否有什么在中国需要特殊考虑的因素呢？Here's an infographic for entrepreneurs (or anyone) looking to hone their negotiating skills. An American study. Most of them are applied in China, but is there something else that we should pay special attention in China? Here's an infographic for entrepreneurs (or anyone) looking to hone their negotiating skills. An American study. Most of them are applied in China, but is there something else that we should pay special attention in China? 变形超极本会进入企业吗？我想是的。当越来越多的员工“自带设备”（BYOD）上班，他们必然会在工作时使用变形设备。在英特尔办公区，已有一千多台变形超极本正在使用中，这一数字还将不断攀升。Will convertibles come to the enterprise? Yes. As more employees participate in Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) programs, they are bound to start using convertibles at work. There are already 1,000+ convertibles being used inside Intel and that number will grow.Will convertibles come to the enterprise? Yes. As more employees participate in Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) programs, they are bound to start using convertibles at work. There are already 1,000+ convertibles being used inside Intel and that number will grow.一名英特尔实习生和同学连续24小时参加了一项“快科技（technology fast ）”活动，反应很有趣。各种数字设备让我们生活更精彩、更高效，但要让科技成为你的伙伴，而不是绑架你生活的强盗。An Intel intern and fellow students went on a "technology fast" for 24 hours and had some interesting reactions. All the devices in our lives are amazing and efficient, but let them be your buddy, not your life bandit. An Intel intern and fellow students went on a "technology fast" for 24 hours and had some interesting reactions. All the devices in our lives are amazing and efficient, but let them be your buddy, not your life bandit. 在你的职业生涯中，尊重发挥着重要作用。一个高级职位不可能是不劳而获。受人尊重，需要去赢得。这里有一些好建议：Respect is important to being effective in your career. But a big job title does not mean you automatically get it. Respect has to be earned and here are some interesting tips for doing that: Respect is important to being effective in your career. But a big job title does not mean you automatically get it. Respect has to be earned and here are some interesting tips for doing that: 一个有关硅谷创业模式的严峻挑战是，真正的突破式创新正在远离这里，而底特律或许将成为这样的地方。 A provocative challenge to the Silicon Valley startup model claims that real breakthrough innovation happens away from the herd, and that Detroit might just be the place. A provocative challenge to the Silicon Valley startup model claims that real breakthrough innovation happens away from the herd, and that Detroit might just be the place. 研究表明，平板电脑用户往往比智能手机用户的年龄更大，并且多在晚上使用应用程序、媒体和娱乐。你有类似的体验吗？Study shows tablet owners tend to be older than smartphone users and spend more their time using apps and on media and entertainment during the evenings. What's your experience?Study shows tablet owners tend to be older than smartphone users and spend more their time using apps and on media and entertainment during the evenings. What's your experience?没有技术才是最好的技术，或可称之为“看不见的技术”，它无需抢尽风头，却可以满足我们的需求和欲望。这里有一些引发思考的例子：The best technology is no technology. Or rather "invisible technology" that delivers on our needs and desires without stealing the show. Some thought-provoking examples here. 成功的人往往具备灵活性、有弹性，不会扮成一位受害者。在瞬息万变的今天，只有那些能够适应变化、接受挫折并不断承担风险和责任的人，才能到达成功的终点。这里有一些好建议： Successful people are flexible, resilient and don't play the victim. Things change fast these days, and those who can adapt, accept setbacks and continuously take risks and responsibility end up doing well. Sound advice here: Successful people are flexible, resilient and don't play the victim. Things change fast these days, and those who can adapt, accept setbacks and continuously take risks and responsibility end up doing well. Sound advice here: 这里有一张为希望提高自身谈判技能的企业家（或任何人）创建的信息图。这来源于在美国的一项研究。这些原则大都在中国适用，但是否有什么在中国需要特殊考虑的因素呢？Here's an infographic for entrepreneurs (or anyone) looking to hone their negotiating skills. An American study. Most of them are applied in China, but is there something else that we should pay special attention in China? Here's an infographic for entrepreneurs (or anyone) looking to hone their negotiating skills. An American study. Most of them are applied in China, but is there something else that we should pay special attention in China? 变形超极本会进入企业吗？我想是的。当越来越多的员工“自带设备”（BYOD）上班，他们必然会在工作时使用变形设备。在英特尔办公区，已有一千多台变形超极本正在使用中，这一数字还将不断攀升。Will convertibles come to the enterprise? Yes. As more employees participate in Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) programs, they are bound to start using convertibles at work. There are already 1,000+ convertibles being used inside Intel and that number will grow.Will convertibles come to the enterprise? Yes. As more employees participate in Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) programs, they are bound to start using convertibles at work. There are already 1,000+ convertibles being used inside Intel and that number will grow.一名英特尔实习生和同学连续24小时参加了一项“快科技（technology fast ）”活动，反应很有趣。各种数字设备让我们生活更精彩、更高效，但要让科技成为你的伙伴，而不是绑架你生活的强盗。An Intel intern and fellow students went on a "technology fast" for 24 hours and had some interesting reactions. All the devices in our lives are amazing and efficient, but let them be your buddy, not your life bandit. An Intel intern and fellow students went on a "technology fast" for 24 hours and had some interesting reactions. All the devices in our lives are amazing and efficient, but let them be your buddy, not your life bandit. 在你的职业生涯中，尊重发挥着重要作用。一个高级职位不可能是不劳而获。受人尊重，需要去赢得。这里有一些好建议：Respect is important to being effective in your career. But a big job title does not mean you automatically get it. Respect has to be earned and here are some interesting tips for doing that: Respect is important to being effective in your career. But a big job title does not mean you automatically get it. Respect has to be earned and here are some interesting tips for doing that: 一个有关硅谷创业模式的严峻挑战是，真正的突破式创新正在远离这里，而底特律或许将成为这样的地方。 A provocative challenge to the Silicon Valley startup model claims that real breakthrough innovation happens away from the herd, and that Detroit might just be the place. A provocative challenge to the Silicon Valley startup model claims that real breakthrough innovation happens away from the herd, and that Detroit might just be the place. 研究表明，平板电脑用户往往比智能手机用户的年龄更大，并且多在晚上使用应用程序、媒体和娱乐。你有类似的体验吗？Study shows tablet owners tend to be older than smartphone users and spend more their time using apps and on media and entertainment during the evenings. What's your experience?Study shows tablet owners tend to be older than smartphone users and spend more their time using apps and on media and entertainment during the evenings. What's your experience?没有技术才是最好的技术，或可称之为“看不见的技术”，它无需抢尽风头，却可以满足我们的需求和欲望。这里有一些引发思考的例子：The best technology is no technology. Or rather "invisible technology" that delivers on our needs and desires without stealing the show. Some thought-provoking examples here. 我认为，从每次工作面试中学到新知很重要。面对竞争激烈的就业市场，跳脱框架思考同样至关重要。这里有一些技巧，对于你下一次的求职面试肯定有所帮助。祝你好运！ I think that it is important to learn something new from every job interview. It’s also important to think outside the box in this competitive job market. Here are some tips that can definitely help you on your next job interview. Good luck! I think that it is important to learn something new from every job interview. It’s also important to think outside the box in this competitive job market. Here are some tips that can definitely help you on your next job interview. Good luck! 如果方法适当，每个人都可以变得充满魅力。最重要的事情，是发现自己或个人品牌的真我。Everyone can be fascinating if you know how. The important thing is to be true to yourself or to your brand. Everyone can be fascinating if you know how. The important thing is to be true to yourself or to your brand. 天赋与成为一名杰出领导者之间究竟有多大关联？是有一点关系、有密切相关、还是可能毫无关联呢？这篇知识性的文章认为，天赋对于领导力的影响被高估了，你同意吗？How much does talent matter in becoming a great leader? A little? A lot? How about not at all? This informative article says talent in leadership is overrated. Do you agree? How much does talent matter in becoming a great leader? A little? A lot? How about not at all? This informative article says talent in leadership is overrated. Do you agree? 众所周知，做双职工家庭是极具挑战的。这里有一篇不错的博客，是英特尔Sandra Lopez撰写，她既是上班族妈妈，又是英特尔的一位营销负责人。这篇博客讲的是“技术如何让年轻父母更轻松”。Everyone knows that being a working-parent can be challenging. Here’s a great blog post by our Sandra Lopez, a working mom and a marketing executive at Intel, on how technology has made parenting easier. Everyone knows that being a working-parent can be challenging. Here’s a great blog post by our Sandra Lopez, a working mom and a marketing executive at Intel, on how technology has made parenting easier. 出色的沟通技巧是至关重要的，无论你从事什么工作。它或许不太容易学习，但我坚信其回报是巨大的。Good communication skills are vital no matter what field you work in. It may not be easy to learn, but I believe the rewards are worth it.Good communication skills are vital no matter what field you work in. It may not be easy to learn, but I believe the rewards are worth it.我今天收到了一份非常特别的礼物，是我的 团队为我定制的老式28凤凰自行车。Love it!!!I got a VERY special gift today, it’s from my  team in China – a customized old fashion 28” Phoenix bike. Love it!!!I got a VERY special gift today, it’s from my  team in China – a customized old fashion 28” Phoenix bike. Love it!!!Many of us dream of going to the moon. That dream may become a reality as a US company announced plans to send tourists to the moon by 2020! Of course, you have to be able to afford the ticket. I guess it’s worth dreaming!看看这些令人难以置信的预测——IDC预计，明年移动设备的销量将占到全部IT支出增长的57%；到2016年，移动设备用户数量将超过PC用户。问题在于，PC能被取代吗？Check out these incredible forecasts. IDC expects sales of mobile devices will make up 57% of total IT spending growth next year. By 2016, IDC predicts there will be more mobile device users than PC users. The question is – is PC replaceable?Check out these incredible forecasts. IDC expects sales of mobile devices will make up 57% of total IT spending growth next year. By 2016, IDC predicts there will be more mobile device users than PC users. The question is – is PC replaceable?在英特尔，公司会为实习生和新员工各匹配一名辅导员（mentor）。怎样选择一位好导师呢？我认同这篇文章所说，“最好的mentor应该会挑战你，问你问题，开阔你的视野，为你展示你所不知的路径方法，或要求你直面处理你曾经会回避的问题。”Interns & new hires at Intel are paired with mentors. But how to choose a good mentor? I agree with this author: "The best mentor should challenge you, ask questions, open your eyes to new paths forward or force you to deal with issues you have been avoiding." Interns & new hires at Intel are paired with mentors. But how to choose a good mentor? I agree with this author: "The best mentor should challenge you, ask questions, open your eyes to new paths forward or force you to deal with issues you have been avoiding." 当你拿到一个最先进的智能手机，你将如何处理旧设备呢？这里有一系列有趣的建议，将旧手机派上新用场。你还有什么好主意吗？What do you do with your old device when you get a cutting-edge new smartphone? Here are some interesting options for putting that old model to new use. Do you have any good ideas? What do you do with your old device when you get a cutting-edge new smartphone? Here are some interesting options for putting that old model to new use. Do you have any good ideas? 我想说“数字鸿沟”并没有缩小，尤其是看到弱势人群中的孩子们，他们仍较少有机会使用笔记本电脑、互联网等重要信息技术工具。我们需要正视这个挑战，并找到弥补和缩小差距的有效途径。英特尔一直在做类似的工作，我颇感欣慰。Underprivileged children still have less access to critical tech tools from laptops to the Internet, so the digital gap is widening. We need to face this challenge and find ways to bridge and close that gap and I'm proud of the work we are doing. Underprivileged children still have less access to critical tech tools from laptops to the Internet, so the digital gap is widening. We need to face this challenge and find ways to bridge and close that gap and I'm proud of the work we are doing. 大约三分之一的加拿大人和一半的美国人，认为自己选错了职业。不知道中国的状况如何？在我看来，好的职业选择完全取决于自我认识，而并非家庭期望或追求高薪酬。你现在工作得怎么样？About 1/3 of Canadians and 1/2 of Americans feel their career choice might have been wrong. What about in China? I think good career choices come from self-awareness instead of the expectations of family or chasing the biggest paycheck.  What do you do well? About 1/3 of Canadians and 1/2 of Americans feel their career choice might have been wrong. What about in China? I think good career choices come from self-awareness instead of the expectations of family or chasing the biggest paycheck.  What do you do well? 中秋节和国庆节来了！在这八个休息日，你有什么打算？看看家人？和朋友去旅行？预祝你度过一个平安和闲适的假期。Well, Mid-autumn festival and National Day holiday are here! What are you doing with your 8 days off? Visiting family? Taking a trip with friends? I hope you have a safe and restful break.Well, Mid-autumn festival and National Day holiday are here! What are you doing with your 8 days off? Visiting family? Taking a trip with friends? I hope you have a safe and restful break.英特尔统计，允许“自带设备（BYOD）上班”，给公司带来了275万小时的生产效率提升。同时，部署私有云之后，我们节省了近300万美元成本。对于寻求更智能工作方式的国内企业而言，我想这是个不错的案例！Intel increased our productivity by 2.75 million hours thanks to our bring-your-own-device (BYOD) program, and we saved nearly $3 million by using a private cloud. Great case study for Chinese companies looking to work smarter!Intel increased our productivity by 2.75 million hours thanks to our bring-your-own-device (BYOD) program, and we saved nearly $3 million by using a private cloud. Great case study for Chinese companies looking to work smarter!触控、语音控制、脸部识别和手势指令，正在融入日常的个人计算之中。这是革命性的技术，并且关乎最佳的体验以及与特定设备的互动——我看很酷！Touch, voice control, facial recognition & gesture commands are already making their way into everyday personal computing. It's revolutionary, and about the best experience and interaction with a particular device. Cool stuff.Touch, voice control, facial recognition & gesture commands are already making their way into everyday personal computing. It's revolutionary, and about the best experience and interaction with a particular device. Cool stuff.是的，2013年1月我将从英特尔退休，但我会留在北京。我爱北京！//: Yes, I will retire from Intel in January 2013, but I will remain in Beijing. I love this place!//: 老马退休后还留在中国吗！I agree that local execs of MNCs should have a balance of local market knowledge and knowledge of the global corporation they work for. Navigating the company's culture & understanding its value proposition well are as vital as local connections.在英特尔，公司会为实习生和新员工各匹配一名辅导员（mentor）。怎样选择一位好导师呢？我认同这篇文章所说，“最好的mentor应该会挑战你，问你问题，开阔你的视野，为你展示你所不知的路径方法，或要求你直面处理你曾经会回避的问题。”Interns & new hires at Intel are paired with mentors. But how to choose a good mentor? I agree with this author: "The best mentor should challenge you, ask questions, open your eyes to new paths forward or force you to deal with issues you have been avoiding." Interns & new hires at Intel are paired with mentors. But how to choose a good mentor? I agree with this author: "The best mentor should challenge you, ask questions, open your eyes to new paths forward or force you to deal with issues you have been avoiding." 当你拿到一个最先进的智能手机，你将如何处理旧设备呢？这里有一系列有趣的建议，将旧手机派上新用场。你还有什么好主意吗？What do you do with your old device when you get a cutting-edge new smartphone? Here are some interesting options for putting that old model to new use. Do you have any good ideas? What do you do with your old device when you get a cutting-edge new smartphone? Here are some interesting options for putting that old model to new use. Do you have any good ideas? 我想说“数字鸿沟”并没有缩小，尤其是看到弱势人群中的孩子们，他们仍较少有机会使用笔记本电脑、互联网等重要信息技术工具。我们需要正视这个挑战，并找到弥补和缩小差距的有效途径。英特尔一直在做类似的工作，我颇感欣慰。Underprivileged children still have less access to critical tech tools from laptops to the Internet, so the digital gap is widening. We need to face this challenge and find ways to bridge and close that gap and I'm proud of the work we are doing. Underprivileged children still have less access to critical tech tools from laptops to the Internet, so the digital gap is widening. We need to face this challenge and find ways to bridge and close that gap and I'm proud of the work we are doing. 大约三分之一的加拿大人和一半的美国人，认为自己选错了职业。不知道中国的状况如何？在我看来，好的职业选择完全取决于自我认识，而并非家庭期望或追求高薪酬。你现在工作得怎么样？About 1/3 of Canadians and 1/2 of Americans feel their career choice might have been wrong. What about in China? I think good career choices come from self-awareness instead of the expectations of family or chasing the biggest paycheck.  What do you do well? About 1/3 of Canadians and 1/2 of Americans feel their career choice might have been wrong. What about in China? I think good career choices come from self-awareness instead of the expectations of family or chasing the biggest paycheck.  What do you do well? 中秋节和国庆节来了！在这八个休息日，你有什么打算？看看家人？和朋友去旅行？预祝你度过一个平安和闲适的假期。Well, Mid-autumn festival and National Day holiday are here! What are you doing with your 8 days off? Visiting family? Taking a trip with friends? I hope you have a safe and restful break.Well, Mid-autumn festival and National Day holiday are here! What are you doing with your 8 days off? Visiting family? Taking a trip with friends? I hope you have a safe and restful break.英特尔统计，允许“自带设备（BYOD）上班”，给公司带来了275万小时的生产效率提升。同时，部署私有云之后，我们节省了近300万美元成本。对于寻求更智能工作方式的国内企业而言，我想这是个不错的案例！Intel increased our productivity by 2.75 million hours thanks to our bring-your-own-device (BYOD) program, and we saved nearly $3 million by using a private cloud. Great case study for Chinese companies looking to work smarter!Intel increased our productivity by 2.75 million hours thanks to our bring-your-own-device (BYOD) program, and we saved nearly $3 million by using a private cloud. Great case study for Chinese companies looking to work smarter!触控、语音控制、脸部识别和手势指令，正在融入日常的个人计算之中。这是革命性的技术，并且关乎最佳的体验以及与特定设备的互动——我看很酷！Touch, voice control, facial recognition & gesture commands are already making their way into everyday personal computing. It's revolutionary, and about the best experience and interaction with a particular device. Cool stuff.Touch, voice control, facial recognition & gesture commands are already making their way into everyday personal computing. It's revolutionary, and about the best experience and interaction with a particular device. Cool stuff.是的，2013年1月我将从英特尔退休，但我会留在北京。我爱北京！//: Yes, I will retire from Intel in January 2013, but I will remain in Beijing. I love this place!//: 老马退休后还留在中国吗！I agree that local execs of MNCs should have a balance of local market knowledge and knowledge of the global corporation they work for. Navigating the company's culture & understanding its value proposition well are as vital as local connections.我认为，从每次工作面试中学到新知很重要。面对竞争激烈的就业市场，跳脱框架思考同样至关重要。这里有一些技巧，对于你下一次的求职面试肯定有所帮助。祝你好运！ I think that it is important to learn something new from every job interview. It’s also important to think outside the box in this competitive job market. Here are some tips that can definitely help you on your next job interview. Good luck! I think that it is important to learn something new from every job interview. It’s also important to think outside the box in this competitive job market. Here are some tips that can definitely help you on your next job interview. Good luck! 如果方法适当，每个人都可以变得充满魅力。最重要的事情，是发现自己或个人品牌的真我。Everyone can be fascinating if you know how. The important thing is to be true to yourself or to your brand. Everyone can be fascinating if you know how. The important thing is to be true to yourself or to your brand. 天赋与成为一名杰出领导者之间究竟有多大关联？是有一点关系、有密切相关、还是可能毫无关联呢？这篇知识性的文章认为，天赋对于领导力的影响被高估了，你同意吗？How much does talent matter in becoming a great leader? A little? A lot? How about not at all? This informative article says talent in leadership is overrated. Do you agree? How much does talent matter in becoming a great leader? A little? A lot? How about not at all? This informative article says talent in leadership is overrated. Do you agree? 众所周知，做双职工家庭是极具挑战的。这里有一篇不错的博客，是英特尔Sandra Lopez撰写，她既是上班族妈妈，又是英特尔的一位营销负责人。这篇博客讲的是“技术如何让年轻父母更轻松”。Everyone knows that being a working-parent can be challenging. Here’s a great blog post by our Sandra Lopez, a working mom and a marketing executive at Intel, on how technology has made parenting easier. Everyone knows that being a working-parent can be challenging. Here’s a great blog post by our Sandra Lopez, a working mom and a marketing executive at Intel, on how technology has made parenting easier. 出色的沟通技巧是至关重要的，无论你从事什么工作。它或许不太容易学习，但我坚信其回报是巨大的。Good communication skills are vital no matter what field you work in. It may not be easy to learn, but I believe the rewards are worth it.Good communication skills are vital no matter what field you work in. It may not be easy to learn, but I believe the rewards are worth it.我今天收到了一份非常特别的礼物，是我的 团队为我定制的老式28凤凰自行车。Love it!!!I got a VERY special gift today, it’s from my  team in China – a customized old fashion 28” Phoenix bike. Love it!!!I got a VERY special gift today, it’s from my  team in China – a customized old fashion 28” Phoenix bike. Love it!!!Many of us dream of going to the moon. That dream may become a reality as a US company announced plans to send tourists to the moon by 2020! Of course, you have to be able to afford the ticket. I guess it’s worth dreaming!看看这些令人难以置信的预测——IDC预计，明年移动设备的销量将占到全部IT支出增长的57%；到2016年，移动设备用户数量将超过PC用户。问题在于，PC能被取代吗？Check out these incredible forecasts. IDC expects sales of mobile devices will make up 57% of total IT spending growth next year. By 2016, IDC predicts there will be more mobile device users than PC users. The question is – is PC replaceable?Check out these incredible forecasts. IDC expects sales of mobile devices will make up 57% of total IT spending growth next year. By 2016, IDC predicts there will be more mobile device users than PC users. The question is – is PC replaceable?I understand students will head back to school Sept. 1; my kids went back this week. They're taking a new course that looks at how we learn and different learning styles. I think it’s great. Understanding how we learn can be even more important than what we learn.有人认为美国正在失去教育竞争力。在英特尔，我们理解如何去适应当前的需求。这就是为什么我们要大力支持诸如科学、技术、数学等教育计划。我们认为不论哪个国家，这些对于学生的成功都至关重要。Some believe the US is losing its educational edge. At Intel we understand how to adapt to current needs. This is why, for example, we strongly support science, technology and math programs for students. We think they are crucial to success, regardless of the country.Some believe the US is losing its educational edge. At Intel we understand how to adapt to current needs. This is why, for example, we strongly support science, technology and math programs for students. We think they are crucial to success, regardless of the country.安迪-格鲁夫说：“如果世界运转得像一个大市场，每一位员工就将与世界上任何地方能做同样工作的其他人竞争。竞争者为数众多，许多人充满了饥渴。”你对自己的工作是否有饥渴感？Andy Grove Quotes: “If the world operates as one big market, every employee will compete with every person anywhere in the world who is capable of doing the same job. There are lots of them and many of them are hungry.” Are you hungry for your job?Andy Grove Quotes: “If the world operates as one big market, every employee will compete with every person anywhere in the world who is capable of doing the same job. There are lots of them and many of them are hungry.” Are you hungry for your job?上周末参加了青岛国际啤酒节，数千人的现场，我是为数不多的老外，很有意思//I was in Qingdao International Beer Festival last weekend, it’s interesting that there were thousands of people there, but I was one of the few "laowais".日前我们告别了英特尔早期计算创新的奠基人之一Victor Poor 。Victor参与开发了历史上第一个可商用的单芯片微处理器——英特尔4004，是微处理器革新进程的重要贡献者。Recently, we said goodbye to one of Intel's founding fathers of early computer innovation, Victor Poor. Victor helped develop the 4004, the first commercially available single-chip microprocessor in history, and was a key contributor to the evolution in microprocessors.Recently, we said goodbye to one of Intel's founding fathers of early computer innovation, Victor Poor. Victor helped develop the 4004, the first commercially available single-chip microprocessor in history, and was a key contributor to the evolution in microprocessors.回复:You wouldn’t try to pick the winner of a marathon based on the first few strides. Check in with us a little further down the road and I’m confident we’ll be leading the pack.It’s a mistake to think that dominant players are always the winners in the smartphone market. Last week, MegaFon in Russia introduced an Intel-based smartphone. More designs are expected this year. We view the market through a “marathon” lens and ultimately expect to lead.如果认为智能手机市场“强者恒强” ，那是一种误解。上周，俄罗斯电信运营商MegaFon推出了一款英特尔架构的智能手机。今年还会有更多的英特尔智能手机将上市。我们将这个市场看作一场马拉松赛，期待最终领先。It’s a mistake to think that dominant players are always the winners in the smartphone market. Last week, MegaFon in Russia introduced an Intel-based smartphone. More designs are expected this year. We view the market through a “marathon” lens and ultimately expect to lead.It’s a mistake to think that dominant players are always the winners in the smartphone market. Last week, MegaFon in Russia introduced an Intel-based smartphone. More designs are expected this year. We view the market through a “marathon” lens and ultimately expect to lead.当每年看到英特尔被评为“理想雇主”的时候，我并不感到意外。英特尔的文化中，我想有一点特别之处，叫做“内部创业”（ internal entrepreneurship ），也就是鼓励员工用自己的能量和创新性思维，在英特尔内部创造积极的改变。I'm never surprised when I see Intel recognized as an "Ideal Employer". A part of our culture that I think is particularly special is "internal entrepreneurship" where employees use their energy and innovative thinking to create positive change within Intel. I'm never surprised when I see Intel recognized as an "Ideal Employer". A part of our culture that I think is particularly special is "internal entrepreneurship" where employees use their energy and innovative thinking to create positive change within Intel. 你可能跟我一样，觉得一天24小时不够用。这就是为什么我们要专注于最高产出、最有影响力的事情。指导新员工，构建让工作自动运转的工具，投资于学习和持续改进等，都是很好的例子。Like me, you probably feel there aren't enough hours in the day. That's why it's important to focus on activities with the highest output or impact. Mentoring new hires, building tools to automate work, investing in learning and continuously improving are good examples.Like me, you probably feel there aren't enough hours in the day. That's why it's important to focus on activities with the highest output or impact. Mentoring new hires, building tools to automate work, investing in learning and continuously improving are good examples.I understand students will head back to school Sept. 1; my kids went back this week. They're taking a new course that looks at how we learn and different learning styles. I think it’s great. Understanding how we learn can be even more important than what we learn.有人认为美国正在失去教育竞争力。在英特尔，我们理解如何去适应当前的需求。这就是为什么我们要大力支持诸如科学、技术、数学等教育计划。我们认为不论哪个国家，这些对于学生的成功都至关重要。Some believe the US is losing its educational edge. At Intel we understand how to adapt to current needs. This is why, for example, we strongly support science, technology and math programs for students. We think they are crucial to success, regardless of the country.Some believe the US is losing its educational edge. At Intel we understand how to adapt to current needs. This is why, for example, we strongly support science, technology and math programs for students. We think they are crucial to success, regardless of the country.安迪-格鲁夫说：“如果世界运转得像一个大市场，每一位员工就将与世界上任何地方能做同样工作的其他人竞争。竞争者为数众多，许多人充满了饥渴。”你对自己的工作是否有饥渴感？Andy Grove Quotes: “If the world operates as one big market, every employee will compete with every person anywhere in the world who is capable of doing the same job. There are lots of them and many of them are hungry.” Are you hungry for your job?Andy Grove Quotes: “If the world operates as one big market, every employee will compete with every person anywhere in the world who is capable of doing the same job. There are lots of them and many of them are hungry.” Are you hungry for your job?上周末参加了青岛国际啤酒节，数千人的现场，我是为数不多的老外，很有意思//I was in Qingdao International Beer Festival last weekend, it’s interesting that there were thousands of people there, but I was one of the few "laowais".日前我们告别了英特尔早期计算创新的奠基人之一Victor Poor 。Victor参与开发了历史上第一个可商用的单芯片微处理器——英特尔4004，是微处理器革新进程的重要贡献者。Recently, we said goodbye to one of Intel's founding fathers of early computer innovation, Victor Poor. Victor helped develop the 4004, the first commercially available single-chip microprocessor in history, and was a key contributor to the evolution in microprocessors.Recently, we said goodbye to one of Intel's founding fathers of early computer innovation, Victor Poor. Victor helped develop the 4004, the first commercially available single-chip microprocessor in history, and was a key contributor to the evolution in microprocessors.回复:You wouldn’t try to pick the winner of a marathon based on the first few strides. Check in with us a little further down the road and I’m confident we’ll be leading the pack.It’s a mistake to think that dominant players are always the winners in the smartphone market. Last week, MegaFon in Russia introduced an Intel-based smartphone. More designs are expected this year. We view the market through a “marathon” lens and ultimately expect to lead.如果认为智能手机市场“强者恒强” ，那是一种误解。上周，俄罗斯电信运营商MegaFon推出了一款英特尔架构的智能手机。今年还会有更多的英特尔智能手机将上市。我们将这个市场看作一场马拉松赛，期待最终领先。It’s a mistake to think that dominant players are always the winners in the smartphone market. Last week, MegaFon in Russia introduced an Intel-based smartphone. More designs are expected this year. We view the market through a “marathon” lens and ultimately expect to lead.It’s a mistake to think that dominant players are always the winners in the smartphone market. Last week, MegaFon in Russia introduced an Intel-based smartphone. More designs are expected this year. We view the market through a “marathon” lens and ultimately expect to lead.当每年看到英特尔被评为“理想雇主”的时候，我并不感到意外。英特尔的文化中，我想有一点特别之处，叫做“内部创业”（ internal entrepreneurship ），也就是鼓励员工用自己的能量和创新性思维，在英特尔内部创造积极的改变。I'm never surprised when I see Intel recognized as an "Ideal Employer". A part of our culture that I think is particularly special is "internal entrepreneurship" where employees use their energy and innovative thinking to create positive change within Intel. I'm never surprised when I see Intel recognized as an "Ideal Employer". A part of our culture that I think is particularly special is "internal entrepreneurship" where employees use their energy and innovative thinking to create positive change within Intel. 你可能跟我一样，觉得一天24小时不够用。这就是为什么我们要专注于最高产出、最有影响力的事情。指导新员工，构建让工作自动运转的工具，投资于学习和持续改进等，都是很好的例子。Like me, you probably feel there aren't enough hours in the day. That's why it's important to focus on activities with the highest output or impact. Mentoring new hires, building tools to automate work, investing in learning and continuously improving are good examples.Like me, you probably feel there aren't enough hours in the day. That's why it's important to focus on activities with the highest output or impact. Mentoring new hires, building tools to automate work, investing in learning and continuously improving are good examples.我认为，从每次工作面试中学到新知很重要。面对竞争激烈的就业市场，跳脱框架思考同样至关重要。这里有一些技巧，对于你下一次的求职面试肯定有所帮助。祝你好运！ I think that it is important to learn something new from every job interview. It’s also important to think outside the box in this competitive job market. Here are some tips that can definitely help you on your next job interview. Good luck! I think that it is important to learn something new from every job interview. It’s also important to think outside the box in this competitive job market. Here are some tips that can definitely help you on your next job interview. Good luck! 如果方法适当，每个人都可以变得充满魅力。最重要的事情，是发现自己或个人品牌的真我。Everyone can be fascinating if you know how. The important thing is to be true to yourself or to your brand. Everyone can be fascinating if you know how. The important thing is to be true to yourself or to your brand. 天赋与成为一名杰出领导者之间究竟有多大关联？是有一点关系、有密切相关、还是可能毫无关联呢？这篇知识性的文章认为，天赋对于领导力的影响被高估了，你同意吗？How much does talent matter in becoming a great leader? A little? A lot? How about not at all? This informative article says talent in leadership is overrated. Do you agree? How much does talent matter in becoming a great leader? A little? A lot? How about not at all? This informative article says talent in leadership is overrated. Do you agree? 众所周知，做双职工家庭是极具挑战的。这里有一篇不错的博客，是英特尔Sandra Lopez撰写，她既是上班族妈妈，又是英特尔的一位营销负责人。这篇博客讲的是“技术如何让年轻父母更轻松”。Everyone knows that being a working-parent can be challenging. Here’s a great blog post by our Sandra Lopez, a working mom and a marketing executive at Intel, on how technology has made parenting easier. Everyone knows that being a working-parent can be challenging. Here’s a great blog post by our Sandra Lopez, a working mom and a marketing executive at Intel, on how technology has made parenting easier. 出色的沟通技巧是至关重要的，无论你从事什么工作。它或许不太容易学习，但我坚信其回报是巨大的。Good communication skills are vital no matter what field you work in. It may not be easy to learn, but I believe the rewards are worth it.Good communication skills are vital no matter what field you work in. It may not be easy to learn, but I believe the rewards are worth it.我今天收到了一份非常特别的礼物，是我的 团队为我定制的老式28凤凰自行车。Love it!!!I got a VERY special gift today, it’s from my  team in China – a customized old fashion 28” Phoenix bike. Love it!!!I got a VERY special gift today, it’s from my  team in China – a customized old fashion 28” Phoenix bike. Love it!!!Many of us dream of going to the moon. That dream may become a reality as a US company announced plans to send tourists to the moon by 2020! Of course, you have to be able to afford the ticket. I guess it’s worth dreaming!看看这些令人难以置信的预测——IDC预计，明年移动设备的销量将占到全部IT支出增长的57%；到2016年，移动设备用户数量将超过PC用户。问题在于，PC能被取代吗？Check out these incredible forecasts. IDC expects sales of mobile devices will make up 57% of total IT spending growth next year. By 2016, IDC predicts there will be more mobile device users than PC users. The question is – is PC replaceable?Check out these incredible forecasts. IDC expects sales of mobile devices will make up 57% of total IT spending growth next year. By 2016, IDC predicts there will be more mobile device users than PC users. The question is – is PC replaceable?喜欢这篇文章的观点：平等对待员工。“如果你想让员工贡献出最多、最好的东西，你必须视每一位员工为平等的，且愿以员工对你的方式来对待他们。”如果你是老板，你将如何向员工证明这一点？I liked this article about viewing employees as equals. "If you want to get the best and most from people, you need to see them as equals and be as willing to serve them as they are to serve you." How do you demonstrate this to your employees? I liked this article about viewing employees as equals. "If you want to get the best and most from people, you need to see them as equals and be as willing to serve them as they are to serve you." How do you demonstrate this to your employees? BYOD是英文Bring-your-own-device 的缩写，指员工自由携带自己的设备办公，将他们的智能手机、平板电脑和其它设备接入公司IT服务。这将带来巨大的办公效率提升，但也带来了信息安全方面的挑战。你们公司是如何应对的？Bring-your-own-device(BYOD)allows employees the flexibility to connect their smartphones, tablets and other devices to corporate IT services which presents great productivity opportunities,but also poses challenges for security. How does your company handle it?Bring-your-own-device(BYOD)allows employees the flexibility to connect their smartphones, tablets and other devices to corporate IT services which presents great productivity opportunities,but also poses challenges for security. How does your company handle it?读到奥运皮划艇划手约翰-阿金耶米的故事，他的劲头、勇气和激情感染了我。他是尼日利亚籍英国人，2008年落选北京奥运后，成为尼日利亚首个皮划艇队员。他找到了自己的所爱，多年的努力拼搏使他的梦想成真。I was inspired reading about the Olympic paddler, Johny Akinyemi's drive, courage and passion. He is the British-Nigerian competing for Nigeria in canoeing after failing to qualify in 2008. He found what he loves and worked hard for years to make his dream come true.I was inspired reading about the Olympic paddler, Johny Akinyemi's drive, courage and passion. He is the British-Nigerian competing for Nigeria in canoeing after failing to qualify in 2008. He found what he loves and worked hard for years to make his dream come true.8月3日我将在一个CEO/CIO聚会上做演讲，地点在伦敦兰开斯特宫。在这样尊贵的场所演讲是非常荣幸的，因为兰开斯特宫已有187年历史，常举办重要的政府和商务活动。On Aug. 3rd I will give a speech to a group of CEO/CIOs in the Lancaster House in London. What an honor it will be to speak at this prestigious venue that not only hosts important government and business events but is also 187 years old.On Aug. 3rd I will give a speech to a group of CEO/CIOs in the Lancaster House in London. What an honor it will be to speak at this prestigious venue that not only hosts important government and business events but is also 187 years old.如果你将要去伦敦看奥运，我想在这里提个醒：照顾好你的移动设备。英特尔最近做了一个调查，发现在伦敦希思罗机场，笔记本电脑最容易被盗，这在欧洲堪居榜首！ For those of you who will be traveling to London for the Olympics, I would like to remind you to take good care of your devices. An Intel survey showed that Heathrow airport is the #1 European airport for stolen laptops. For those of you who will be traveling to London for the Olympics, I would like to remind you to take good care of your devices. An Intel survey showed that Heathrow airport is the #1 European airport for stolen laptops. 英特尔荣膺全美绿色能源企业用户50强第一名，这让我感到自豪。我期待着进一步扩展英特尔在中国绿色环保方面的工作。成为一家“绿色企业”，你有何高见？ I'm proud that Intel was ranked #1 among the National Top 50 in the United States for green power. I look forward to further extending our green efforts in China. What are some of the ways your company is "going green?" I'm proud that Intel was ranked #1 among the National Top 50 in the United States for green power. I look forward to further extending our green efforts in China. What are some of the ways your company is "going green?" 祝贺中国队取得的4块金牌！昨天看了开幕式，可谓令人赞叹。和北京奥运开幕式比起来是不是同样精彩呢？Congrats on the 4 gold medals! I watched the opening ceremony yesterday, it was breath taking. Was it as good as Beijing?Congrats on the 4 gold medals! I watched the opening ceremony yesterday, it was breath taking. Was it as good as Beijing?刚在上海过了一个很棒的周末，现在搭高铁回北京！I was in Shanghai for a great weekend and returning to Beijing riding the bullet train.喜欢这篇文章的观点：平等对待员工。“如果你想让员工贡献出最多、最好的东西，你必须视每一位员工为平等的，且愿以员工对你的方式来对待他们。”如果你是老板，你将如何向员工证明这一点？I liked this article about viewing employees as equals. "If you want to get the best and most from people, you need to see them as equals and be as willing to serve them as they are to serve you." How do you demonstrate this to your employees? I liked this article about viewing employees as equals. "If you want to get the best and most from people, you need to see them as equals and be as willing to serve them as they are to serve you." How do you demonstrate this to your employees? BYOD是英文Bring-your-own-device 的缩写，指员工自由携带自己的设备办公，将他们的智能手机、平板电脑和其它设备接入公司IT服务。这将带来巨大的办公效率提升，但也带来了信息安全方面的挑战。你们公司是如何应对的？Bring-your-own-device(BYOD)allows employees the flexibility to connect their smartphones, tablets and other devices to corporate IT services which presents great productivity opportunities,but also poses challenges for security. How does your company handle it?Bring-your-own-device(BYOD)allows employees the flexibility to connect their smartphones, tablets and other devices to corporate IT services which presents great productivity opportunities,but also poses challenges for security. How does your company handle it?读到奥运皮划艇划手约翰-阿金耶米的故事，他的劲头、勇气和激情感染了我。他是尼日利亚籍英国人，2008年落选北京奥运后，成为尼日利亚首个皮划艇队员。他找到了自己的所爱，多年的努力拼搏使他的梦想成真。I was inspired reading about the Olympic paddler, Johny Akinyemi's drive, courage and passion. He is the British-Nigerian competing for Nigeria in canoeing after failing to qualify in 2008. He found what he loves and worked hard for years to make his dream come true.I was inspired reading about the Olympic paddler, Johny Akinyemi's drive, courage and passion. He is the British-Nigerian competing for Nigeria in canoeing after failing to qualify in 2008. He found what he loves and worked hard for years to make his dream come true.8月3日我将在一个CEO/CIO聚会上做演讲，地点在伦敦兰开斯特宫。在这样尊贵的场所演讲是非常荣幸的，因为兰开斯特宫已有187年历史，常举办重要的政府和商务活动。On Aug. 3rd I will give a speech to a group of CEO/CIOs in the Lancaster House in London. What an honor it will be to speak at this prestigious venue that not only hosts important government and business events but is also 187 years old.On Aug. 3rd I will give a speech to a group of CEO/CIOs in the Lancaster House in London. What an honor it will be to speak at this prestigious venue that not only hosts important government and business events but is also 187 years old.如果你将要去伦敦看奥运，我想在这里提个醒：照顾好你的移动设备。英特尔最近做了一个调查，发现在伦敦希思罗机场，笔记本电脑最容易被盗，这在欧洲堪居榜首！ For those of you who will be traveling to London for the Olympics, I would like to remind you to take good care of your devices. An Intel survey showed that Heathrow airport is the #1 European airport for stolen laptops. For those of you who will be traveling to London for the Olympics, I would like to remind you to take good care of your devices. An Intel survey showed that Heathrow airport is the #1 European airport for stolen laptops. 英特尔荣膺全美绿色能源企业用户50强第一名，这让我感到自豪。我期待着进一步扩展英特尔在中国绿色环保方面的工作。成为一家“绿色企业”，你有何高见？ I'm proud that Intel was ranked #1 among the National Top 50 in the United States for green power. I look forward to further extending our green efforts in China. What are some of the ways your company is "going green?" I'm proud that Intel was ranked #1 among the National Top 50 in the United States for green power. I look forward to further extending our green efforts in China. What are some of the ways your company is "going green?" 祝贺中国队取得的4块金牌！昨天看了开幕式，可谓令人赞叹。和北京奥运开幕式比起来是不是同样精彩呢？Congrats on the 4 gold medals! I watched the opening ceremony yesterday, it was breath taking. Was it as good as Beijing?Congrats on the 4 gold medals! I watched the opening ceremony yesterday, it was breath taking. Was it as good as Beijing?刚在上海过了一个很棒的周末，现在搭高铁回北京！I was in Shanghai for a great weekend and returning to Beijing riding the bullet train.我认为，从每次工作面试中学到新知很重要。面对竞争激烈的就业市场，跳脱框架思考同样至关重要。这里有一些技巧，对于你下一次的求职面试肯定有所帮助。祝你好运！ I think that it is important to learn something new from every job interview. It’s also important to think outside the box in this competitive job market. Here are some tips that can definitely help you on your next job interview. Good luck! I think that it is important to learn something new from every job interview. It’s also important to think outside the box in this competitive job market. Here are some tips that can definitely help you on your next job interview. Good luck! 如果方法适当，每个人都可以变得充满魅力。最重要的事情，是发现自己或个人品牌的真我。Everyone can be fascinating if you know how. The important thing is to be true to yourself or to your brand. Everyone can be fascinating if you know how. The important thing is to be true to yourself or to your brand. 天赋与成为一名杰出领导者之间究竟有多大关联？是有一点关系、有密切相关、还是可能毫无关联呢？这篇知识性的文章认为，天赋对于领导力的影响被高估了，你同意吗？How much does talent matter in becoming a great leader? A little? A lot? How about not at all? This informative article says talent in leadership is overrated. Do you agree? How much does talent matter in becoming a great leader? A little? A lot? How about not at all? This informative article says talent in leadership is overrated. Do you agree? 众所周知，做双职工家庭是极具挑战的。这里有一篇不错的博客，是英特尔Sandra Lopez撰写，她既是上班族妈妈，又是英特尔的一位营销负责人。这篇博客讲的是“技术如何让年轻父母更轻松”。Everyone knows that being a working-parent can be challenging. Here’s a great blog post by our Sandra Lopez, a working mom and a marketing executive at Intel, on how technology has made parenting easier. Everyone knows that being a working-parent can be challenging. Here’s a great blog post by our Sandra Lopez, a working mom and a marketing executive at Intel, on how technology has made parenting easier. 出色的沟通技巧是至关重要的，无论你从事什么工作。它或许不太容易学习，但我坚信其回报是巨大的。Good communication skills are vital no matter what field you work in. It may not be easy to learn, but I believe the rewards are worth it.Good communication skills are vital no matter what field you work in. It may not be easy to learn, but I believe the rewards are worth it.我今天收到了一份非常特别的礼物，是我的 团队为我定制的老式28凤凰自行车。Love it!!!I got a VERY special gift today, it’s from my  team in China – a customized old fashion 28” Phoenix bike. Love it!!!I got a VERY special gift today, it’s from my  team in China – a customized old fashion 28” Phoenix bike. Love it!!!Many of us dream of going to the moon. That dream may become a reality as a US company announced plans to send tourists to the moon by 2020! Of course, you have to be able to afford the ticket. I guess it’s worth dreaming!看看这些令人难以置信的预测——IDC预计，明年移动设备的销量将占到全部IT支出增长的57%；到2016年，移动设备用户数量将超过PC用户。问题在于，PC能被取代吗？Check out these incredible forecasts. IDC expects sales of mobile devices will make up 57% of total IT spending growth next year. By 2016, IDC predicts there will be more mobile device users than PC users. The question is – is PC replaceable?Check out these incredible forecasts. IDC expects sales of mobile devices will make up 57% of total IT spending growth next year. By 2016, IDC predicts there will be more mobile device users than PC users. The question is – is PC replaceable?挺佩服这几位皮划艇队员的勇敢行动。我最近学到了一个中文网络表情语，似乎用在这里很贴切  I admire the valiant efforts of the canoe team. I recently learned about a Chinese emoticon “JIONG”. It seems quite appropriate in this case ;-)【奥运火炬激流中传递频熄灭】北京时间7月8日，奥运火炬传递第50天，奥运火炬来到了皮划艇会场，皮划队员们一面在湍急的水流奋力划船，一面高举着火炬不被大浪打湿。但是，原本设计有防水功能的火炬还是吃不消四溅的水花，几次熄火，令围观群众又笑又气。 高清图地址：很高兴看到，在英特尔工作能激发出我们员工如此的自豪和激情。我要遥祝远在成都的这对可爱新人，新婚快乐！真心希望他们能离开工作一段时间，享受他们的蜜月//: It’s great to see that working for Intel inspires such pride and passion in our people and I want to congratulate... ：今天的牵手与承诺是为了共同创造更美好的明天，放我的真心在你的手心。- 忙忙碌碌的日子里，英特尔也鼓励员工兼顾工作和生活！幸福，祈福！周末愉快！ It’s great to see that working for Intel inspires such pride and passion in our people and I want to congratulate this lovely young couple in Chengdu on their wedding. I do hope they take some time away from work for their honeymoon ;-) ：今天的牵手与承诺是为了共同创造更美好的明天，放我的真心在你的手心。- 忙忙碌碌的日子里，英特尔也鼓励员工兼顾工作和生活！幸福，祈福！周末愉快！ 安迪-格鲁夫说过：“作为领导者，非常重要的是你要做两件事情：视自己当时的信念为真实的信仰，并使之变成行动；但当你意识到自己的错误时，立即调整到正确轨道。”相信有些事情会成功，这才能增加赢的机会。Andy Grove: “It’s very important for you to do two things: act on your temporary conviction as if it was a real conviction; and when you realize that you are wrong, correct course very quickly.” Believing something will succeed is one of the ways to increase the chances to winAndy Grove: “It’s very important for you to do two things: act on your temporary conviction as if it was a real conviction; and when you realize that you are wrong, correct course very quickly.” Believing something will succeed is one of the ways to increase the chances to win我一直很自豪的是，英特尔不只是发明技术，而且对潜在世界充满想象，使之承载未来高科技。从富有远见的未来思想，到建构当前的顶尖科技，英特尔有着清晰的路线图。I’ve always been proud that Intel doesn't just think up technology, but rather, attempts to imagine the potential world that will host its future tech. There is a clear line from visionary thinking about tomorrow to the cutting edge technology we build today. I’ve always been proud that Intel doesn't just think up technology, but rather, attempts to imagine the potential world that will host its future tech. There is a clear line from visionary thinking about tomorrow to the cutting edge technology we build today. 在毕马威的一个调查中，一些同行认为中国将成为下一个科技强国，这也验证了我的想法。不知道他们中间，有多少人正计划像我一样，来中国工作？My peers validate my belief to KPMG that China will be the next technology powerhouse. I wonder how many of them are planning to join me in China? My peers validate my belief to KPMG that China will be the next technology powerhouse. I wonder how many of them are planning to join me in China? 一位在英特尔工作了21年的老员工，就职业发展分享了一些秘籍，我觉得很好——要找到你的工作激情，“追随你心，你将会发现，在工作中你自然会给予百分百的努力。而其它事情不必费心，它们将自动发生。”好建议！My favorite on this list of career development tips from a 21-year Intel veteran: Find Your Passion. “Follow your heart and you will notice that you will give 100% naturally. Everything else will fall in line automatically.” Good advice. My favorite on this list of career development tips from a 21-year Intel veteran: Find Your Passion. “Follow your heart and you will notice that you will give 100% naturally. Everything else will fall in line automatically.” Good advice. 我喜欢这个创意：巨大的“超极本”，键盘大到可以用脚踩。 这是为了纪念金门大桥75周年，惠普和英特尔共同推出的。如果在现场，你可以用脚打字，回答一些关于金门大桥的有趣问题。I love this creative idea: giant “Ultrabooks” with keyboards big enough to walk on. Rolled out by HP & Intel on the Golden Gate Bridge's 75th anniversary, people were asked to answer trivia questions about the bridge using their feet.I love this creative idea: giant “Ultrabooks” with keyboards big enough to walk on. Rolled out by HP & Intel on the Golden Gate Bridge's 75th anniversary, people were asked to answer trivia questions about the bridge using their feet.我在英特尔办公室遇到过不少来实习的大学生。我想实习的机会对他们来说不仅仅是工作经历，对其未来的职业生涯有更大的意义。从许多CEO的经历来看，正是早期的实习机会，激发了他们的职业雄心。I see many student interns around the Intel office. I think that these internships can mean more for their future careers than just work experience. Many CEOs seem to have kindled their own ambition from their first internships.I see many student interns around the Intel office. I think that these internships can mean more for their future careers than just work experience. Many CEOs seem to have kindled their own ambition from their first internships.挺佩服这几位皮划艇队员的勇敢行动。我最近学到了一个中文网络表情语，似乎用在这里很贴切  I admire the valiant efforts of the canoe team. I recently learned about a Chinese emoticon “JIONG”. It seems quite appropriate in this case ;-)【奥运火炬激流中传递频熄灭】北京时间7月8日，奥运火炬传递第50天，奥运火炬来到了皮划艇会场，皮划队员们一面在湍急的水流奋力划船，一面高举着火炬不被大浪打湿。但是，原本设计有防水功能的火炬还是吃不消四溅的水花，几次熄火，令围观群众又笑又气。 高清图地址：很高兴看到，在英特尔工作能激发出我们员工如此的自豪和激情。我要遥祝远在成都的这对可爱新人，新婚快乐！真心希望他们能离开工作一段时间，享受他们的蜜月//: It’s great to see that working for Intel inspires such pride and passion in our people and I want to congratulate... ：今天的牵手与承诺是为了共同创造更美好的明天，放我的真心在你的手心。- 忙忙碌碌的日子里，英特尔也鼓励员工兼顾工作和生活！幸福，祈福！周末愉快！ It’s great to see that working for Intel inspires such pride and passion in our people and I want to congratulate this lovely young couple in Chengdu on their wedding. I do hope they take some time away from work for their honeymoon ;-) ：今天的牵手与承诺是为了共同创造更美好的明天，放我的真心在你的手心。- 忙忙碌碌的日子里，英特尔也鼓励员工兼顾工作和生活！幸福，祈福！周末愉快！ 安迪-格鲁夫说过：“作为领导者，非常重要的是你要做两件事情：视自己当时的信念为真实的信仰，并使之变成行动；但当你意识到自己的错误时，立即调整到正确轨道。”相信有些事情会成功，这才能增加赢的机会。Andy Grove: “It’s very important for you to do two things: act on your temporary conviction as if it was a real conviction; and when you realize that you are wrong, correct course very quickly.” Believing something will succeed is one of the ways to increase the chances to winAndy Grove: “It’s very important for you to do two things: act on your temporary conviction as if it was a real conviction; and when you realize that you are wrong, correct course very quickly.” Believing something will succeed is one of the ways to increase the chances to win我一直很自豪的是，英特尔不只是发明技术，而且对潜在世界充满想象，使之承载未来高科技。从富有远见的未来思想，到建构当前的顶尖科技，英特尔有着清晰的路线图。I’ve always been proud that Intel doesn't just think up technology, but rather, attempts to imagine the potential world that will host its future tech. There is a clear line from visionary thinking about tomorrow to the cutting edge technology we build today. I’ve always been proud that Intel doesn't just think up technology, but rather, attempts to imagine the potential world that will host its future tech. There is a clear line from visionary thinking about tomorrow to the cutting edge technology we build today. 在毕马威的一个调查中，一些同行认为中国将成为下一个科技强国，这也验证了我的想法。不知道他们中间，有多少人正计划像我一样，来中国工作？My peers validate my belief to KPMG that China will be the next technology powerhouse. I wonder how many of them are planning to join me in China? My peers validate my belief to KPMG that China will be the next technology powerhouse. I wonder how many of them are planning to join me in China? 一位在英特尔工作了21年的老员工，就职业发展分享了一些秘籍，我觉得很好——要找到你的工作激情，“追随你心，你将会发现，在工作中你自然会给予百分百的努力。而其它事情不必费心，它们将自动发生。”好建议！My favorite on this list of career development tips from a 21-year Intel veteran: Find Your Passion. “Follow your heart and you will notice that you will give 100% naturally. Everything else will fall in line automatically.” Good advice. My favorite on this list of career development tips from a 21-year Intel veteran: Find Your Passion. “Follow your heart and you will notice that you will give 100% naturally. Everything else will fall in line automatically.” Good advice. 我喜欢这个创意：巨大的“超极本”，键盘大到可以用脚踩。 这是为了纪念金门大桥75周年，惠普和英特尔共同推出的。如果在现场，你可以用脚打字，回答一些关于金门大桥的有趣问题。I love this creative idea: giant “Ultrabooks” with keyboards big enough to walk on. Rolled out by HP & Intel on the Golden Gate Bridge's 75th anniversary, people were asked to answer trivia questions about the bridge using their feet.I love this creative idea: giant “Ultrabooks” with keyboards big enough to walk on. Rolled out by HP & Intel on the Golden Gate Bridge's 75th anniversary, people were asked to answer trivia questions about the bridge using their feet.我在英特尔办公室遇到过不少来实习的大学生。我想实习的机会对他们来说不仅仅是工作经历，对其未来的职业生涯有更大的意义。从许多CEO的经历来看，正是早期的实习机会，激发了他们的职业雄心。I see many student interns around the Intel office. I think that these internships can mean more for their future careers than just work experience. Many CEOs seem to have kindled their own ambition from their first internships.I see many student interns around the Intel office. I think that these internships can mean more for their future careers than just work experience. Many CEOs seem to have kindled their own ambition from their first internships.我认为，从每次工作面试中学到新知很重要。面对竞争激烈的就业市场，跳脱框架思考同样至关重要。这里有一些技巧，对于你下一次的求职面试肯定有所帮助。祝你好运！ I think that it is important to learn something new from every job interview. It’s also important to think outside the box in this competitive job market. Here are some tips that can definitely help you on your next job interview. Good luck! I think that it is important to learn something new from every job interview. It’s also important to think outside the box in this competitive job market. Here are some tips that can definitely help you on your next job interview. Good luck! 如果方法适当，每个人都可以变得充满魅力。最重要的事情，是发现自己或个人品牌的真我。Everyone can be fascinating if you know how. The important thing is to be true to yourself or to your brand. Everyone can be fascinating if you know how. The important thing is to be true to yourself or to your brand. 天赋与成为一名杰出领导者之间究竟有多大关联？是有一点关系、有密切相关、还是可能毫无关联呢？这篇知识性的文章认为，天赋对于领导力的影响被高估了，你同意吗？How much does talent matter in becoming a great leader? A little? A lot? How about not at all? This informative article says talent in leadership is overrated. Do you agree? How much does talent matter in becoming a great leader? A little? A lot? How about not at all? This informative article says talent in leadership is overrated. Do you agree? 众所周知，做双职工家庭是极具挑战的。这里有一篇不错的博客，是英特尔Sandra Lopez撰写，她既是上班族妈妈，又是英特尔的一位营销负责人。这篇博客讲的是“技术如何让年轻父母更轻松”。Everyone knows that being a working-parent can be challenging. Here’s a great blog post by our Sandra Lopez, a working mom and a marketing executive at Intel, on how technology has made parenting easier. Everyone knows that being a working-parent can be challenging. Here’s a great blog post by our Sandra Lopez, a working mom and a marketing executive at Intel, on how technology has made parenting easier. 出色的沟通技巧是至关重要的，无论你从事什么工作。它或许不太容易学习，但我坚信其回报是巨大的。Good communication skills are vital no matter what field you work in. It may not be easy to learn, but I believe the rewards are worth it.Good communication skills are vital no matter what field you work in. It may not be easy to learn, but I believe the rewards are worth it.我今天收到了一份非常特别的礼物，是我的 团队为我定制的老式28凤凰自行车。Love it!!!I got a VERY special gift today, it’s from my  team in China – a customized old fashion 28” Phoenix bike. Love it!!!I got a VERY special gift today, it’s from my  team in China – a customized old fashion 28” Phoenix bike. Love it!!!Many of us dream of going to the moon. That dream may become a reality as a US company announced plans to send tourists to the moon by 2020! Of course, you have to be able to afford the ticket. I guess it’s worth dreaming!看看这些令人难以置信的预测——IDC预计，明年移动设备的销量将占到全部IT支出增长的57%；到2016年，移动设备用户数量将超过PC用户。问题在于，PC能被取代吗？Check out these incredible forecasts. IDC expects sales of mobile devices will make up 57% of total IT spending growth next year. By 2016, IDC predicts there will be more mobile device users than PC users. The question is – is PC replaceable?Check out these incredible forecasts. IDC expects sales of mobile devices will make up 57% of total IT spending growth next year. By 2016, IDC predicts there will be more mobile device users than PC users. The question is – is PC replaceable?今天和海关总署开会，于署长问我英特尔在经济增长放缓时如何对待投资。我回答说，不论经济状况如何，英特尔始终坚定投资于技术创新的信念。在经济衰退时投资，恰可帮助我们在走出经济衰退时更具竞争力。I was asked by Minister Yu about Intel's view on our investment during economy slowdown in the meeting with GAC. I said Intel believes in investing for technology innovation regardless the economy. If in recession, our investment could help us be more competitive coming out of itI was asked by Minister Yu about Intel's view on our investment during economy slowdown in the meeting with GAC. I said Intel believes in investing for technology innovation regardless the economy. If in recession, our investment could help us be more competitive coming out of it2010年-2020年的十年间，英特尔设定了许多可持续发展目标，这其中包括到2020年，将笔记本和数据中心产品的能效较2010年提升25倍。用技术造福当代人，用高能效的技术实现造福下一代！Intel set itself lots of sustainability goals for this decade, such as increasing the energy efficiency of NB and datacenter products 25 times by 2020 from 2010 levels. Using technology to help people today, doing it in an energy-efficient way to help the next generation.Intel set itself lots of sustainability goals for this decade, such as increasing the energy efficiency of NB and datacenter products 25 times by 2020 from 2010 levels. Using technology to help people today, doing it in an energy-efficient way to help the next generation.Bloomberg上周播出了主题为“走进英特尔”的电视节目，该节目用近一个小时的时间详细介绍了英特尔的发展历史以及我们的未来发展。很遗憾只有英文的视频，不过如果你有时间还是值得一看。Bloomberg TV last week broadcast a nearly hour-long show offering an inside look at Intel, including the company’s history and what is in store for our future. Sorry it’s English-only, but worth a watch if you have time: Bloomberg TV last week broadcast a nearly hour-long show offering an inside look at Intel, including the company’s history and what is in store for our future. Sorry it’s English-only, but worth a watch if you have time:  开始在市场上崭露头角。戴尔表示新款超极本XPS 13的市场销量远好于其预期。你打算什么时候也来一台超极本呢？Ultrabook is starting to make its mark. Dell says its XPS 13 Ultrabook is selling well above expectations. When will you get yours?Ultrabook is starting to make its mark. Dell says its XPS 13 Ultrabook is selling well above expectations. When will you get yours?时常有人问我英特尔架构名称的来由。大部分人认为我们使用地名，其实并非总是如此。Sandy Bridge听起来像是地图上的某个地方，它却不是以一个实际的地方来命名的；而Ivy Bridge你是可以在地图上定位得到的，你知道它在哪里吗？People sometimes ask me about the Origin Of A Code Name. Most believe we use geographical places, that’s not always true. While Sandy Bridge sounds like a place on a map, it isn't named for an actual place. You can locate Ivybridge on the map though, do you know where it is?People sometimes ask me about the Origin Of A Code Name. Most believe we use geographical places, that’s not always true. While Sandy Bridge sounds like a place on a map, it isn't named for an actual place. You can locate Ivybridge on the map though, do you know where it is?早上好！今天天气不错，给这个礼拜开了个好头！Good Morning! It’s a pretty nice day today, a good start of the week!Good Morning! It’s a pretty nice day today, a good start of the week!云计算的未来，会不会植入我们的大脑？The future of cloud computing, hooked into your brain?The future of cloud computing, hooked into your brain?刚刚在上做了演讲，惠普首次选择上海作为2012年客户端全新产品线  的发布地点。这再次凸显快速发展的中国市场将改变全球市场的态势。Just finished a keynote at the  in Shanghai. This is the first time that HP chose Shanghai to launch a new line of Intel-based Ultrabooks for consumer and business. It proved again that the fast growing China market will alter global market dynamics今天和海关总署开会，于署长问我英特尔在经济增长放缓时如何对待投资。我回答说，不论经济状况如何，英特尔始终坚定投资于技术创新的信念。在经济衰退时投资，恰可帮助我们在走出经济衰退时更具竞争力。I was asked by Minister Yu about Intel's view on our investment during economy slowdown in the meeting with GAC. I said Intel believes in investing for technology innovation regardless the economy. If in recession, our investment could help us be more competitive coming out of itI was asked by Minister Yu about Intel's view on our investment during economy slowdown in the meeting with GAC. I said Intel believes in investing for technology innovation regardless the economy. If in recession, our investment could help us be more competitive coming out of it2010年-2020年的十年间，英特尔设定了许多可持续发展目标，这其中包括到2020年，将笔记本和数据中心产品的能效较2010年提升25倍。用技术造福当代人，用高能效的技术实现造福下一代！Intel set itself lots of sustainability goals for this decade, such as increasing the energy efficiency of NB and datacenter products 25 times by 2020 from 2010 levels. Using technology to help people today, doing it in an energy-efficient way to help the next generation.Intel set itself lots of sustainability goals for this decade, such as increasing the energy efficiency of NB and datacenter products 25 times by 2020 from 2010 levels. Using technology to help people today, doing it in an energy-efficient way to help the next generation.Bloomberg上周播出了主题为“走进英特尔”的电视节目，该节目用近一个小时的时间详细介绍了英特尔的发展历史以及我们的未来发展。很遗憾只有英文的视频，不过如果你有时间还是值得一看。Bloomberg TV last week broadcast a nearly hour-long show offering an inside look at Intel, including the company’s history and what is in store for our future. Sorry it’s English-only, but worth a watch if you have time: Bloomberg TV last week broadcast a nearly hour-long show offering an inside look at Intel, including the company’s history and what is in store for our future. Sorry it’s English-only, but worth a watch if you have time:  开始在市场上崭露头角。戴尔表示新款超极本XPS 13的市场销量远好于其预期。你打算什么时候也来一台超极本呢？Ultrabook is starting to make its mark. Dell says its XPS 13 Ultrabook is selling well above expectations. When will you get yours?Ultrabook is starting to make its mark. Dell says its XPS 13 Ultrabook is selling well above expectations. When will you get yours?时常有人问我英特尔架构名称的来由。大部分人认为我们使用地名，其实并非总是如此。Sandy Bridge听起来像是地图上的某个地方，它却不是以一个实际的地方来命名的；而Ivy Bridge你是可以在地图上定位得到的，你知道它在哪里吗？People sometimes ask me about the Origin Of A Code Name. Most believe we use geographical places, that’s not always true. While Sandy Bridge sounds like a place on a map, it isn't named for an actual place. You can locate Ivybridge on the map though, do you know where it is?People sometimes ask me about the Origin Of A Code Name. Most believe we use geographical places, that’s not always true. While Sandy Bridge sounds like a place on a map, it isn't named for an actual place. You can locate Ivybridge on the map though, do you know where it is?早上好！今天天气不错，给这个礼拜开了个好头！Good Morning! It’s a pretty nice day today, a good start of the week!Good Morning! It’s a pretty nice day today, a good start of the week!云计算的未来，会不会植入我们的大脑？The future of cloud computing, hooked into your brain?The future of cloud computing, hooked into your brain?刚刚在上做了演讲，惠普首次选择上海作为2012年客户端全新产品线  的发布地点。这再次凸显快速发展的中国市场将改变全球市场的态势。Just finished a keynote at the  in Shanghai. This is the first time that HP chose Shanghai to launch a new line of Intel-based Ultrabooks for consumer and business. It proved again that the fast growing China market will alter global market dynamics我认为，从每次工作面试中学到新知很重要。面对竞争激烈的就业市场，跳脱框架思考同样至关重要。这里有一些技巧，对于你下一次的求职面试肯定有所帮助。祝你好运！ I think that it is important to learn something new from every job interview. It’s also important to think outside the box in this competitive job market. Here are some tips that can definitely help you on your next job interview. Good luck! I think that it is important to learn something new from every job interview. It’s also important to think outside the box in this competitive job market. Here are some tips that can definitely help you on your next job interview. Good luck! 如果方法适当，每个人都可以变得充满魅力。最重要的事情，是发现自己或个人品牌的真我。Everyone can be fascinating if you know how. The important thing is to be true to yourself or to your brand. Everyone can be fascinating if you know how. The important thing is to be true to yourself or to your brand. 天赋与成为一名杰出领导者之间究竟有多大关联？是有一点关系、有密切相关、还是可能毫无关联呢？这篇知识性的文章认为，天赋对于领导力的影响被高估了，你同意吗？How much does talent matter in becoming a great leader? A little? A lot? How about not at all? This informative article says talent in leadership is overrated. Do you agree? How much does talent matter in becoming a great leader? A little? A lot? How about not at all? This informative article says talent in leadership is overrated. Do you agree? 众所周知，做双职工家庭是极具挑战的。这里有一篇不错的博客，是英特尔Sandra Lopez撰写，她既是上班族妈妈，又是英特尔的一位营销负责人。这篇博客讲的是“技术如何让年轻父母更轻松”。Everyone knows that being a working-parent can be challenging. Here’s a great blog post by our Sandra Lopez, a working mom and a marketing executive at Intel, on how technology has made parenting easier. Everyone knows that being a working-parent can be challenging. Here’s a great blog post by our Sandra Lopez, a working mom and a marketing executive at Intel, on how technology has made parenting easier. 出色的沟通技巧是至关重要的，无论你从事什么工作。它或许不太容易学习，但我坚信其回报是巨大的。Good communication skills are vital no matter what field you work in. It may not be easy to learn, but I believe the rewards are worth it.Good communication skills are vital no matter what field you work in. It may not be easy to learn, but I believe the rewards are worth it.我今天收到了一份非常特别的礼物，是我的 团队为我定制的老式28凤凰自行车。Love it!!!I got a VERY special gift today, it’s from my  team in China – a customized old fashion 28” Phoenix bike. Love it!!!I got a VERY special gift today, it’s from my  team in China – a customized old fashion 28” Phoenix bike. Love it!!!Many of us dream of going to the moon. That dream may become a reality as a US company announced plans to send tourists to the moon by 2020! Of course, you have to be able to afford the ticket. I guess it’s worth dreaming!看看这些令人难以置信的预测——IDC预计，明年移动设备的销量将占到全部IT支出增长的57%；到2016年，移动设备用户数量将超过PC用户。问题在于，PC能被取代吗？Check out these incredible forecasts. IDC expects sales of mobile devices will make up 57% of total IT spending growth next year. By 2016, IDC predicts there will be more mobile device users than PC users. The question is – is PC replaceable?Check out these incredible forecasts. IDC expects sales of mobile devices will make up 57% of total IT spending growth next year. By 2016, IDC predicts there will be more mobile device users than PC users. The question is – is PC replaceable?Sorry that I have to sign off now. Thanks for all the great questions, it’s a delightful time talking with you. I look forward to my next opportunity to chat with all of you!Remember, Notebooks are still growing well.  Not many people choose a notebook because of service provider’s offerings.  I believe that the notebooks and the tablets are very complementary.向 提问：刚才您是否同意平板和智能手机的增长最主要是得益于商业模式的变化？那现在，超极本在没有改变原有商业模式的情况下，您认为英特尔如何能带领产业链未来在智能移动终端上取得优势？ Ivy Bridge is based on 22nm Tri-gate transistor technology. We started to ship it this year. It’s first in the world…it’s a big deal! Intel is in full production of 22nm, and we are ramping it in the fastest speed ever.向  提问：近日有某计算机专业媒体将ＩｖＹ Ｂｒｉｚｄｇｅ与非新品的核心显卡的笔记本称之为“半代本”，并且对ＩｖＹ Ｂｒｉｚｄｇｅ中只有一款是ｉ3处理器且是低电压的还要等到第三季度才能上市。做了相关品论？有何感想 I agree with you.  Ultrabook should give you the ultimate mobility experience that is secured with high performance.  It should perform like a fully functioned PC but easy to use and carry around like a tablet.向 提问：轻、薄、续航时间长等优点是超极本目前给人的主要感受，但我们认为超极本绝不应该停留于此，英特尔未来还将为超极本注入哪些全新体验？ Certainly there is a possibility!We will definitely do better in tablets than now with Window8. That is our main focus!向 提问：有行业人士认为：平板将是Windows+Intel的天下 ，对于这点您怎么看？ Yes.  I’m really optimistic about the potential of ultrabook.  It is not just another product.向 提问：业界此前普遍将Ultrabook看作是重振PC行业的希望，对于如此高的期望，您怎么看？ Next year we will do 22nm, and we will do 14nm soon after.  We are passionate about doing the smallest products that are available.  We also have a large team of software engineers on Android.向 提问：针对移动手持设备的处理器以及其他芯片，Intel都将会作哪些特殊的优化。x86架构的功耗与性能的平衡问题，除了使用更先进的半导体制成工艺技术进行优化之外，Intel还有哪些举措？ Just like Intel co-founder Robert Noyce said, “Don’t be encumbered by history. Go off and do something wonderful”. We will see.向   提问：在这样一个被大家认为是后PC的时代，根据第三方调查显示，英特尔的芯片份额却因为数据中心和新兴市场的PC，从14.9%增长到了15.6%。您对此现象如何看待？对未来有何预期？ I believe the best employers must create an environment that encourages innovation, allows people to do amazing things, and have fun while doing it!向 提问：马宏升先生，您好！去年英特尔获得了“2011中国年度最佳雇主”的称号，今年正好也是您加入英特尔第30年了。能否从一个英特尔资深员工的角度，谈谈您对“最佳雇主英特尔”的理解  Our goal is continue to deliver the best in China whiles aligning to China’s development goals.向 提问：请问英特尔今年在中国的发展战略目标是什么？您怎么看超级本、云计算以及智能手机业务在中国的发展前景？ I just couldn’t speak. Unbelievably depressing. But I made a decision, I told myself, today is better than yesterday, tomorrow would be better than today – everyday, everyday.向 提问：肖恩，您中风的经历算是您人生中的低谷吗？得病的那一刻您是否觉得末日来了？您是如何一步步战胜病魔的？ Dare to dream big.  Never give up.  Try unusual things.  Have fun!向 提问：老马你好。现在中国有大量从事理工技术类的年轻人。你有没有一些对于中国年轻人的建议，帮助我们更好地在专业技术领域实现自己的梦想，取得成功？ Eventually!向 提问：您中风的经历非常鼓舞人心。有没有计划把这样的经历写本书，分享给更多的人？ Right now our only focus in smartphone is Android.向 提问：除了Android，Intel会不会涉足其它移动系统平台？ Sorry that I have to sign off now. Thanks for all the great questions, it’s a delightful time talking with you. I look forward to my next opportunity to chat with all of you!Remember, Notebooks are still growing well.  Not many people choose a notebook because of service provider’s offerings.  I believe that the notebooks and the tablets are very complementary.向 提问：刚才您是否同意平板和智能手机的增长最主要是得益于商业模式的变化？那现在，超极本在没有改变原有商业模式的情况下，您认为英特尔如何能带领产业链未来在智能移动终端上取得优势？ Ivy Bridge is based on 22nm Tri-gate transistor technology. We started to ship it this year. It’s first in the world…it’s a big deal! Intel is in full production of 22nm, and we are ramping it in the fastest speed ever.向  提问：近日有某计算机专业媒体将ＩｖＹ Ｂｒｉｚｄｇｅ与非新品的核心显卡的笔记本称之为“半代本”，并且对ＩｖＹ Ｂｒｉｚｄｇｅ中只有一款是ｉ3处理器且是低电压的还要等到第三季度才能上市。做了相关品论？有何感想 I agree with you.  Ultrabook should give you the ultimate mobility experience that is secured with high performance.  It should perform like a fully functioned PC but easy to use and carry around like a tablet.向 提问：轻、薄、续航时间长等优点是超极本目前给人的主要感受，但我们认为超极本绝不应该停留于此，英特尔未来还将为超极本注入哪些全新体验？ Certainly there is a possibility!We will definitely do better in tablets than now with Window8. That is our main focus!向 提问：有行业人士认为：平板将是Windows+Intel的天下 ，对于这点您怎么看？ Yes.  I’m really optimistic about the potential of ultrabook.  It is not just another product.向 提问：业界此前普遍将Ultrabook看作是重振PC行业的希望，对于如此高的期望，您怎么看？ Next year we will do 22nm, and we will do 14nm soon after.  We are passionate about doing the smallest products that are available.  We also have a large team of software engineers on Android.向 提问：针对移动手持设备的处理器以及其他芯片，Intel都将会作哪些特殊的优化。x86架构的功耗与性能的平衡问题，除了使用更先进的半导体制成工艺技术进行优化之外，Intel还有哪些举措？ Just like Intel co-founder Robert Noyce said, “Don’t be encumbered by history. Go off and do something wonderful”. We will see.向   提问：在这样一个被大家认为是后PC的时代，根据第三方调查显示，英特尔的芯片份额却因为数据中心和新兴市场的PC，从14.9%增长到了15.6%。您对此现象如何看待？对未来有何预期？ I believe the best employers must create an environment that encourages innovation, allows people to do amazing things, and have fun while doing it!向 提问：马宏升先生，您好！去年英特尔获得了“2011中国年度最佳雇主”的称号，今年正好也是您加入英特尔第30年了。能否从一个英特尔资深员工的角度，谈谈您对“最佳雇主英特尔”的理解  Our goal is continue to deliver the best in China whiles aligning to China’s development goals.向 提问：请问英特尔今年在中国的发展战略目标是什么？您怎么看超级本、云计算以及智能手机业务在中国的发展前景？ I just couldn’t speak. Unbelievably depressing. But I made a decision, I told myself, today is better than yesterday, tomorrow would be better than today – everyday, everyday.向 提问：肖恩，您中风的经历算是您人生中的低谷吗？得病的那一刻您是否觉得末日来了？您是如何一步步战胜病魔的？ Dare to dream big.  Never give up.  Try unusual things.  Have fun!向 提问：老马你好。现在中国有大量从事理工技术类的年轻人。你有没有一些对于中国年轻人的建议，帮助我们更好地在专业技术领域实现自己的梦想，取得成功？ Eventually!向 提问：您中风的经历非常鼓舞人心。有没有计划把这样的经历写本书，分享给更多的人？ Right now our only focus in smartphone is Android.向 提问：除了Android，Intel会不会涉足其它移动系统平台？ 我认为，从每次工作面试中学到新知很重要。面对竞争激烈的就业市场，跳脱框架思考同样至关重要。这里有一些技巧，对于你下一次的求职面试肯定有所帮助。祝你好运！ I think that it is important to learn something new from every job interview. It’s also important to think outside the box in this competitive job market. Here are some tips that can definitely help you on your next job interview. Good luck! I think that it is important to learn something new from every job interview. It’s also important to think outside the box in this competitive job market. Here are some tips that can definitely help you on your next job interview. Good luck! 如果方法适当，每个人都可以变得充满魅力。最重要的事情，是发现自己或个人品牌的真我。Everyone can be fascinating if you know how. The important thing is to be true to yourself or to your brand. Everyone can be fascinating if you know how. The important thing is to be true to yourself or to your brand. 天赋与成为一名杰出领导者之间究竟有多大关联？是有一点关系、有密切相关、还是可能毫无关联呢？这篇知识性的文章认为，天赋对于领导力的影响被高估了，你同意吗？How much does talent matter in becoming a great leader? A little? A lot? How about not at all? This informative article says talent in leadership is overrated. Do you agree? How much does talent matter in becoming a great leader? A little? A lot? How about not at all? This informative article says talent in leadership is overrated. Do you agree? 众所周知，做双职工家庭是极具挑战的。这里有一篇不错的博客，是英特尔Sandra Lopez撰写，她既是上班族妈妈，又是英特尔的一位营销负责人。这篇博客讲的是“技术如何让年轻父母更轻松”。Everyone knows that being a working-parent can be challenging. Here’s a great blog post by our Sandra Lopez, a working mom and a marketing executive at Intel, on how technology has made parenting easier. Everyone knows that being a working-parent can be challenging. Here’s a great blog post by our Sandra Lopez, a working mom and a marketing executive at Intel, on how technology has made parenting easier. 出色的沟通技巧是至关重要的，无论你从事什么工作。它或许不太容易学习，但我坚信其回报是巨大的。Good communication skills are vital no matter what field you work in. It may not be easy to learn, but I believe the rewards are worth it.Good communication skills are vital no matter what field you work in. It may not be easy to learn, but I believe the rewards are worth it.我今天收到了一份非常特别的礼物，是我的 团队为我定制的老式28凤凰自行车。Love it!!!I got a VERY special gift today, it’s from my  team in China – a customized old fashion 28” Phoenix bike. Love it!!!I got a VERY special gift today, it’s from my  team in China – a customized old fashion 28” Phoenix bike. Love it!!!Many of us dream of going to the moon. That dream may become a reality as a US company announced plans to send tourists to the moon by 2020! Of course, you have to be able to afford the ticket. I guess it’s worth dreaming!看看这些令人难以置信的预测——IDC预计，明年移动设备的销量将占到全部IT支出增长的57%；到2016年，移动设备用户数量将超过PC用户。问题在于，PC能被取代吗？Check out these incredible forecasts. IDC expects sales of mobile devices will make up 57% of total IT spending growth next year. By 2016, IDC predicts there will be more mobile device users than PC users. The question is – is PC replaceable?Check out these incredible forecasts. IDC expects sales of mobile devices will make up 57% of total IT spending growth next year. By 2016, IDC predicts there will be more mobile device users than PC users. The question is – is PC replaceable?自90年代早期第一次来中国至今，我一直是一个中国迷。20多年过去了，我来拜访中国有近百次了，而今天是我开微博的第一天。这里爆发性的增长和快速的变化，让我惊叹不已！I've been a fan of China since the first time I came here in the early 90s. I've visited China nearly 100 times in the last 20+ years, but today is my first day on Weibo. I’m blown away by the explosive growth and the speed of change here!I've been a fan of China since the first time I came here in the early 90s. I've visited China nearly 100 times in the last 20+ years, but today is my first day on Weibo. I’m blown away by the explosive growth and the speed of change here!Thanks to everyone for your interest. I can really feel everyone's enthusiasm in the Weibo world! 感谢大家的关注，在微博的世界里我感到了你们的热情！Hello China! Hello Beijing! Hello Sina Weibo users!自90年代早期第一次来中国至今，我一直是一个中国迷。20多年过去了，我来拜访中国有近百次了，而今天是我开微博的第一天。这里爆发性的增长和快速的变化，让我惊叹不已！I've been a fan of China since the first time I came here in the early 90s. I've visited China nearly 100 times in the last 20+ years, but today is my first day on Weibo. I’m blown away by the explosive growth and the speed of change here!I've been a fan of China since the first time I came here in the early 90s. I've visited China nearly 100 times in the last 20+ years, but today is my first day on Weibo. I’m blown away by the explosive growth and the speed of change here!Thanks to everyone for your interest. I can really feel everyone's enthusiasm in the Weibo world! 感谢大家的关注，在微博的世界里我感到了你们的热情！Hello China! Hello Beijing! Hello Sina Weibo users!我认为，从每次工作面试中学到新知很重要。面对竞争激烈的就业市场，跳脱框架思考同样至关重要。这里有一些技巧，对于你下一次的求职面试肯定有所帮助。祝你好运！ I think that it is important to learn something new from every job interview. It’s also important to think outside the box in this competitive job market. Here are some tips that can definitely help you on your next job interview. Good luck! I think that it is important to learn something new from every job interview. It’s also important to think outside the box in this competitive job market. Here are some tips that can definitely help you on your next job interview. Good luck! 如果方法适当，每个人都可以变得充满魅力。最重要的事情，是发现自己或个人品牌的真我。Everyone can be fascinating if you know how. The important thing is to be true to yourself or to your brand. Everyone can be fascinating if you know how. The important thing is to be true to yourself or to your brand. 天赋与成为一名杰出领导者之间究竟有多大关联？是有一点关系、有密切相关、还是可能毫无关联呢？这篇知识性的文章认为，天赋对于领导力的影响被高估了，你同意吗？How much does talent matter in becoming a great leader? A little? A lot? How about not at all? This informative article says talent in leadership is overrated. Do you agree? How much does talent matter in becoming a great leader? A little? A lot? How about not at all? This informative article says talent in leadership is overrated. Do you agree? 众所周知，做双职工家庭是极具挑战的。这里有一篇不错的博客，是英特尔Sandra Lopez撰写，她既是上班族妈妈，又是英特尔的一位营销负责人。这篇博客讲的是“技术如何让年轻父母更轻松”。Everyone knows that being a working-parent can be challenging. Here’s a great blog post by our Sandra Lopez, a working mom and a marketing executive at Intel, on how technology has made parenting easier. Everyone knows that being a working-parent can be challenging. Here’s a great blog post by our Sandra Lopez, a working mom and a marketing executive at Intel, on how technology has made parenting easier. 出色的沟通技巧是至关重要的，无论你从事什么工作。它或许不太容易学习，但我坚信其回报是巨大的。Good communication skills are vital no matter what field you work in. It may not be easy to learn, but I believe the rewards are worth it.Good communication skills are vital no matter what field you work in. It may not be easy to learn, but I believe the rewards are worth it.我今天收到了一份非常特别的礼物，是我的 团队为我定制的老式28凤凰自行车。Love it!!!I got a VERY special gift today, it’s from my  team in China – a customized old fashion 28” Phoenix bike. Love it!!!I got a VERY special gift today, it’s from my  team in China – a customized old fashion 28” Phoenix bike. Love it!!!Many of us dream of going to the moon. That dream may become a reality as a US company announced plans to send tourists to the moon by 2020! Of course, you have to be able to afford the ticket. I guess it’s worth dreaming!看看这些令人难以置信的预测——IDC预计，明年移动设备的销量将占到全部IT支出增长的57%；到2016年，移动设备用户数量将超过PC用户。问题在于，PC能被取代吗？Check out these incredible forecasts. IDC expects sales of mobile devices will make up 57% of total IT spending growth next year. By 2016, IDC predicts there will be more mobile device users than PC users. The question is – is PC replaceable?Check out these incredible forecasts. IDC expects sales of mobile devices will make up 57% of total IT spending growth next year. By 2016, IDC predicts there will be more mobile device users than PC users. The question is – is PC replaceable?